well howdy there and have people it's Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
Arlington how it came into being and
what we can learn from it today because
history will often set an example for us
and it will also teach us how to set an
example for others all we have to do is
pay attention I definitely think there's
a lesson to be learned there now for
those overseas Arlington if you've ever
seen a movie that includes the service
for a fallen soldier there's that site
with all the the white headstones
that's Arlington that is Arlington
Arlington came into being in the 1860s
after the Battle of the wilderness all
of the other sites were full so they
needed a new one they needed a new
location for a National Cemetery
they chose Arlington because it was
aesthetically pleasing it was already
cleared was high ground so flooding
wouldn't be an issue
and it was robert e lee's home for those
overseas robert e lee was a general who
left the Union to fight with the concent
Confederacy fought against the Union
they took his home that failure in
judgment on his part led to them it was
as much a political statement as it was
filling a need I think there is
something to be learned from that I
would imagine that most people watching
this channel have seen the rather
disturbing drone footage from Hart
Island in New York now I will say that
footage isn't as disturbing as it may
seem that's been going on there a long
time for people who went unclaimed or
people who didn't have money for
services it's just now in the public eye
and that's part of the problem that's
been going on a long time there and even
though some of those people may be
reinterred later most people don't know
that was happening because it's out site
it's out of mind this isn't something we
need to forget about this isn't
something that should be tucked away on
some Island where nobody knows nobody
remembers we need to remember the
shortages we need to remember how close
we are to two major major issues I would
suggest a different sight series of
sites there are golf courses around this
country they are aesthetically pleasing
they're already set up landscaped it can
be maintained and they happen to be in
most the hot spots seems like they would
be an ideal place they're already
cleared if we are going to have a site
or series of sites for the victims of
this I would suggest they not be tucked
away that they'd be very visible to
serve as a reminder the current
president always wanted his name on
something that's when I push so hard for
that stupid in an ineffective wall he
wanted a vanity project well here we go
his golf courses can be the sights
the President of the United States even
after all of this time does not have the
basic information to make decisions it
is a failure of leadership it is a
failure of judgment it is a failure of
decision-making today he talked about
how brilliant the germ was for being
able to outsmart antibiotics after all
of this time all of the briefings we
would assume he had he still doesn't
know that antibiotics don't work on
viruses if he doesn't know that a basic
piece of information how can he possibly
understand any of the other stuff that's
needed to guide this country through
this those governors who are acting as
presidents right now they deserve the
credit because not just are they
fighting what we're all fighting they're
fighting the federal government's
incompetence they're fighting the
disinformation pushed by a man who talks
about wonder drugs and game changers but
doesn't know that antibiotics won't work
I wouldn't take medical advice from him
call me crazy those sites are perfect
there's one in South Florida there's one
in New York there's one pretty much
everywhere there's a hot spot and
they'll set an example and they will
serve as a reminder that this can happen
again it will happen again because the
Republican Party in the United States
they're already downplaying it they're
already acting like it wasn't a big deal
like we weren't on the brink because
they don't want to accept the blame and
if it's already being downplayed now
well that drone footage is being filmed
imagine what's gonna happen afterward
there will be no changes the stockpile
will not be improved we will not get
more equipment we will not be ready next
time they're making that abundantly
clear now they do not care about you
we need public reminders we need
something front and center this is what
happened and it could have been worse
those golf courses to me they're perfect
and he can finally have his name on
something that will go down in history
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day